{
    "contents" : "data science    rage. almost every cmo  know wants  data scientist     ?    status symbol du jour  senior executives everywhere. , building  right data science team   organization    easy  picking  right data scientist. data science starts  asking  right questions,   first question  ask :   data science?  people believe  data science  just  sexy name  mathletes made   get better-paying jobs.   sake   writing, let?s define data science  ? analysis  data using  scientific method   primary goal  turning information  action.?     ? data scientists use  variety  mathematical tools  help answer questions  uncover patterns  contribute   results,  ?s  just math. 's much, much . data science venn diagram foundational skills  order  turn information  action,  need  team   proficient   three foundational skills: domain expertise ?  define  problem space mathematics ?  theoretical structure  problem solving computer science ?  provide  environment  data  manipulated data science exists   intersection   three foundational skills; discounting  overweighting    will yield suboptimal results. domain expertise  know  business.  order  put data science  work,   going  use 100 percent   business knowledge, institutional memory  intuition  ask  right questions. everyone wants  know   increase sales ? ?s question one.  domain experts can ask  specific questions  will yield measurable, actionable improvements,    following: can  improve productivity  xyz department  increasing  usability  abc data sets? can increased access  scanner data, share  basket data, heuristic weather pattern data  parking lot density data increase  return  assets? can  use  product attributes data sets  improve competitiveness?   specific  questions ,   likely    get actionable results. mathematics    lot  math  data science.  mathematicians   data science team will  world-class problem solvers.  will  experts  statistical modeling, signal processing, probability models, pattern recognition, predictive analytics   bunch  subspecialties   learned  college mathematics class   long since forgotten. data science becomes magical  brilliant mathematical constructs  applied  big data sets (vast amounts  data  big  humans  deal ), yielding unexpected actionable insights.  best teams develop ai, pattern-matching  machine-learning tools  generate  building blocks  predictive models. great mathematicians   key component   data science department,       work alone. computer science data science happens inside computer systems.   exist anywhere else.   right architecture   data science function   important    right architecture   physical work environment.   current cto/cio knowledgeable   technical requirements   data science team? big data requires special storage, special handling  special network capabilities.  tools  different, computer ?horsepower? requirements  different ?  fact, almost everything  need   data science team will need   purpose built, rented, borrowed  partnered . data science readiness assessments    think  getting ready  data science?    short list  steps   consider: formulate questions: get  key stakeholders together  formulate context-relevant questions  hypotheses  drive data scientific research.    important first step.  will set  stage  success. audit data assets: assign  team  hire  consulting firm  audit  existing data sets  data-gathering systems.  will help   creation  appropriate rfps  potential partners, suppliers  potential acquisition targets. craft  roadmap: build  roadmap  get        working data science department  quantifying  best methods  identifying, obtaining  transforming data sets  make  suitable   production  statistical evidence.  time  now! best--class companies realize  importance  analytics.  goal   data-driven business strategy   operating model  enables cross-functional collaboration, governance, metrics  change management. ?ll   create methodologies  empower ongoing data scientific research.  will need  build  buy appropriate infrastructure, including analytics platforms, visualization tools  big data environments.  will find ways  manage data  3rd-party partnerships, enforce data governance  develop best practices data munging  wrangling.  will   right resources: business analysts  problem definition, solution design  analytics roadmaps research  big data engineering  data science, experiment design  training model development  data preparation, profiling  model building  validation operations  visualizations, qa, data management, maintenance  implementation  ,  will  ready  data science. want help?    team ready  help    data science readiness assessment. just shoot   email,  ?ll  happy  work    help  achieve  business goals.\n",
    "created" : 1426089028288.000,
    "dirty" : false,
    "encoding" : "UTF-8",
    "folds" : "",
    "hash" : "372550198",
    "id" : "ADC1369E",
    "lastKnownWriteTime" : 1426089026,
    "path" : "~/GitHub/fuzzysummary/1.txt",
    "project_path" : "1.txt",
    "properties" : {
    },
    "source_on_save" : false,
    "type" : "text"
}